# Thingstodowithvideogame
Response for Things to Do with Video Games 

A character’s weakness is critical to establish something that makes the believability of his or her profile. None of us are perfect and so due to the characters. I think flaws when it works into the characters can be worked on the characters, looks and to the characteristics of the character.  Again, knowing the flaws to make the characters fault can lead to an emotional response into the reader in the form of sympathy. This leads to the crucial part of the character development. Without having it, it leads to nearly impossible to develop them to meaningful character. You want a character that can relate to human flaws and make a relation out of this situation. This flaw can be injected into your character and can be used to move the story along or alternatively, to block the action. 

I think that games can be ‘not fun’ in the same way that the high cinema that wasn’t fun to watch compared to a blockbuster. It’s more heavy experience that requires focus and thought. Even if there’s an interactivity isn’t necessarily ‘fun’ but the context provides it more the meaning and engagement than would be there otherwise. I don’t think a game necessarily needs to be “oh this is awesome” fun experience. I think by the nature of the video game world, it is an interactive experience, and it requires motivation to whether to like that video game or not. It just needs to lore story visuals, rewards, and the wow factor. The definition of fun I do believe is too far more like a subjective term and I think Games should be rewarding to play, whether that means the player learns something, gets a little adrenaline boost, creates something, discover a new path, etc. I think rewarding game isnt need to be necessarily fun but to connect the person and find ways to connect to that game. 

